previously on lineus car tips we've made
great strides modernizing ploof vehicle
with Android auto power windows and this
sick ass paint job but unfortunately the
engine has been having some problems it
overheats leaks oil and most recently
developed an Australian
[Music]
accent good day mate that's right we are
here to modernize this Honda Civic with
some nice fancy bits like new wiring
looms a dash a htech and the train SPS
know what this is K Ser K series engine
that's right and the best part is all of
this modernization is going to come
without modern car nonsense like selling
your data to the highest bidder we've
also got a brand new DSP to bring the
audio into the 2020s and frankly this
project has gotten out of control lers
has literally no idea what is on the go
you just say you're working on a crappy
Civic and everyone shows up what I do
have a clue about is how we paid for it
massive thanks to the ridge for
sponsoring this video without them this
project would not have been possible
flights from Australia to Canada not
cheap so make sure you support the
people that support cool projects what's
even better is you can get a free air
tag money clip with any wallet order
over $69 by going to ridge.com Linus
upgrade Ridge have also started their
early bird sale with some big markdowns
on popular wallets like tobacco brown
leather and lavender find out more at
ridge.com Linus upgrade
[Music]
I have to say I feel like this has
gotten a little bit out of control when
we first discussed this project we were
going to be performing a couple of
tasteful
modifications
but can someone please tell me what the
plan is love to this engine out in the
bin yeah K24 Honda's best engine
arguably in so we just take this piece
out
yes uh that in the transmission
everything you can see is coming out in
the next hour or so and then we have all
of that and a pallet of stuff and
another pallet of stuff and as a bonus
we're going to pull everything else out
of the car as well that's underneath it
exhaust suspension breaks the whole lot
and change all that Alex you were
responsible for controlling the scope of
this I said multiple times to him is
that going to add scope and he was like
it's fine what's scope just two more
questions you guys have seen the car now
is is this really worth the
effort I can't answer that but we know
that it we we know that it leaks oil we
know that it knocks do you know how much
power it made 89 horsepower to the
wheels not bad that's bad we know it's
automatic we should change we can change
all this engine just needs to go are you
turning it into a manual yeah oh yeah oh
yeah we're also doing a sound system is
that
scope no why are we changing it to a
manual transmission what is that even a
question this guy's only got two years
he doesn't understand anymore now tell
me this was this engine ever designed
for this chassis like was there a
version of this car that had this better
engine in it not in the US now there was
a hatchback that came with a K20 and
this is essentially the same as the
Acura RSX or they call it the Integra in
Japan so that chassis is almost
identical to this the difference being
that on the K series the engine sits
over here transmission sits over here
yeah so there's some stuff welded onto
the frame rails that prevent you from
just just bolting it in so that's why we
make a mount kit so that you can then
bolt in what used to not bolt in and
that's your business that's my business
Godfather of K swaps very cool so we're
going from 1.7 L to 2.4 so we're well to
me not a car person I hear that is we
are going from a sedan engine to an SUV
engine not really we're going to the TSX
Type S engine that's actually the engine
that's going oh okay I thought you said
it was the same one you have in the CRV
I did cuz I put a TSX engine in my CRV I
don't expect you to remember but there
will be a test later TSX RSX SI but it's
my brain is swimming with Honda stuff
but also the engine that's actually
going in is from an odyssey it is but
it's the equivalent of the
American one thing I do feel like car
people underestimate though sometimes is
the complexity of something as simple as
what you're doing right now because I
don't know you know where the proper
point is no but other people don't know
how to bond 10 gig fiber to make 25 GBS
and what kind of whether they should use
a aggregation switch or a normal switch
like this is all stuff that you oh yeah
fine it's the same you know what I love
though there's a real DIY sense that I
feel like tech people and car people all
share it's like they just love hacking
stuff building things like building a
ped building a car it's all in the same
wheelhouse oh oh someone put something
under it while we were talking like
nothing
everything in here is going to get
replaced so we're going to change
suspension we're going to change the
brakes we're going to change the
calipers we're going to put new drive
shafts in it I don't know these calipers
look pretty good to me they look good
but they're not big enough cuz we're
going to make it real fast it has to
stop as well it's like a safety thing
apparently this is the stock shock
absorber it does what it says it absorbs
shocks that's the spring that's the
damper um these often get very very worn
out over time so if you're modifying a
car like we are it's a good time to
upgrade them which we are doing and that
is a fully adjustable one meaning we can
adjust the height of the car and we have
some control over how the car handles as
well the suspension that's a complete
replacement unit so you put the original
one completely in the bin you put that
in your car and you have a great time
and your car looks way
better this is the back end of the car
the rear suspension it's independent
meaning that that side can go up and
down independent of this the sway bar
kind of joins it together to make it
handle a bit better all this is going
away we've got new suspension to go in
and also new arms and new brakes it's
kind of another game I want to play it's
going to be called which part on the
table is worth more than the entire car
I'm going to go with this one it looks
pretty but no he'll probably trade it if
you had one of these you might get a
whole car is this aluminum though uh
yeah it is cast aluminium and then it's
got all like breathers and stuff so all
that collects all the oily air and yeah
it's it's cool how about this one
headers this has got to be worth more
than the car this is great cuz this
makes power we like this cuz it gets the
exhaust out of the engine um definitely
worth more than the car um a really nice
piece all mandrel Bandon welded and
stuff in there I wouldn't even be
surprised if this cable harness is worth
more than the car this this is one of my
favorite things cuz you can spend 2 or 3
days wiring this from scratch or you can
buy one of these that has all the plugs
and connectors and you just maybe change
a couple of things here to get it to do
what you want depending on what computer
you're using that's super cool there's a
lot of folks that make that kind of
thing yeah there are all over there's a
huge aftermarket for these sort of parts
and um yeah just saves time we're taking
the dash out yeah we're going to take
the dash out we're going to replace it
oh oh I guess we need to put like a
Teter in it cuz it's manual now like no
not like the Fast and Furious big taco
thing no no no no we're going to put an
LCD screen in it we're oh we're oh we're
going to put a screen in we're going to
put a full HCK Dash in it what yeah oh
my God this seems so unnecessary custom
colors miles man an adapter for this
particular car how good is that so that
will read all the information from the
htech ECU directly up on here and we can
have different settings different alarms
different
colors this piece alone is worth
probably 3 to 4X the value of this
entire car but wait till you see it is
going to be worth every penny when you
see this sort of riding on apart it's
come from a wre up so this has been
replaced at some point in this car's
life oh hilarious lower miles so we have
no idea how many kilometers are on this
engine then Alex asked me to be a
screwdriver fery and just kind of come
around and get you guys all an LTT
screwdriver than you it turns out we
already have one of these cuz we bought
one oh cuz we made a little surprise for
you you bought you know you don't have
you didn't have to yeah I know but but
then it wouldn't be a surprise oh I see
so this is the new shifter that's going
to make it manual wow that looks like
it's also another thing that's worth
more than the entire car yeah but we got
one of your thingo and we actually
adapted it that's going to be the
shifter are you kidding me how cool and
it's going to be usable so you can pull
it out fix your computer and then put it
back in your get shifter
yeah thought you might like that all
right so that is a subframe that holds
the engine in the engine's still being
kept in by those two mounts are on the
top but all our brakes and all this
stuff can go away next step is to pull
the engine out the top okay so final
stages now this is we're getting there
coming out it is it goes from rust
bucket to to empty rust bucket
yeah Alex this is Ariana's yeah what
what is this called like engine engine
crane engine hoist yeah that's Ariana's
hoist she had The Misfortune of owning a
rotary imagine if it was like this at
your dentist up a bit come on come on
what your dentist isn't like that which
way do I twist it uh counter any
clockwise down so did you just say any
clockwise anti anticlockwise anticlock
what I've gleaned is that they've
actually never done this before like
they've done this but every other time
they had proper equipment and they
dropped it out the bottom yeah and so
the engine she's stuck basically it kind
of seems like it uh-huh just a bit okay
worst case we know friends right over
there that have a proper lift oh yeah
would we have to put the wheels back on
it to drag it on there drag it over
there or
oh nice what made you guys decide that
this was worth all the effort power
what's why are you overclock stuff no no
I mean you guys comeing all the way up
here to work on this piece of cuz we
like you guys cuz we know that there's a
lot of fans here that like what we do
and also we get to hang out with all our
mates yeah okay all right this is fun
okay I it doesn't look like it now
beautiful where it belongs not in the
car so the problem we're having is um
all the parts that we shipped about a
week ago from the US are stuck in
customs uh so we're getting on our
phones and we're just trying to work out
a backup plan in case uh that stuff
never arrived cuz we' only got like I
think 72 hours to get this done DED
finished driving everything finished so
if we don't have that stuff in the next
24 hours we're in trouble so the backup
plan is to get either an RSX or a TSX um
we can use those parts and then then get
some of Brian's Parts like shipped
overnight or maybe shipped to Washington
and do a midnight run to go pick them up
yeah that might be what happens we'll
see did I just hear you correctly the
engine that we're putting in here is not
here not here Washington's a different
country right yeah it is yeah that's
where the engine is in Washington wait
we don't have it yet no we have other
stuff to do but at some point we're
going to run out of stuff to do when we
have no engine when were you guys going
to tell me this yeah there's cars in the
car park with engines yeah actually I
think your camera guy's got the same
engine in his car and he actually
he said we can have his engine so we're
going to pull his car apart exactly what
we just did and put his engine in this
and then when the one from Washington
eventually makes it then you guys can
put that back in cuz you'll see how to
do you know how to do it now yeah why
does everyone look so worried what are
you worried about there no it's in a
different country it's fine we don't
have different countries next door like
you do oh I see where we stashed the
original door openers you just hucked
them in here just in case he ever needs
them yeah all of the crap from the
projects was just in the back of loof's
car which he never removed correct but
maybe he will now that we have vastly
improved it you see this I do this trunk
panel yeah that's a trunk panel right
complete garbage yeah so what we're
going to do okay so this can go in here
barely but then you see this hole rate
here yeah Sebastian just finished what's
going there oh it's little LTDs it's the
same pattern that's on the uh bomber
jacket on the inside oh cool so that's
going to be over the sub and it's going
to be just filled with RGB it's going to
be amazing oh my god let's talk car
audio and how to make your car sound
extra sick the first thing you have to
do is just completely blow apart your
interior that is mandatory but the
second thing that you can do and that
doesn't require a large investment is to
put in sound ending this stuff right
here is fantastic and even if you don't
want to be removing your speakers and
stuff like that sound ending in your car
will make a very noticeable difference
the next step is get power we are going
to have all of our amplifiers in the
rear of the car which means that we need
power in the rear of the car this right
here is some 4 gauge wire from New
Concepts they sent over all of our RCA
cables Terminals and all of that stuff
just make sure to do your math because
if you don't have the right size wires
they will set on fire there's really
easy Guides Online on how to do that so
just look it up don't bring your car to
the ground speaking of not lighting your
car on fire make sure to have fuses
right beside the battery this right here
is 100 amp one from New Concepts as well
and this cable is running through the
firewall and will eventually be attached
to the battery once that is actually
inside of the car next you need the
audio signal from your head unit we were
able to run RCA cables up here because
we have an aftermarket head unit but if
you want to maintain your factory oem1
you might have to use something like the
lc2i this will convert your speaker
outputs into usable low-level stuff on
the RCA that you can throw in the back
of your trunk also make sure to get the
pro model I have the normal one right
here took it out of my car sounds way
better with the pro the signal coming
from the front is going to be going into
our DSP right here this is the mini DSP
8x12 DL this is really the star of the
show there's absolutely no way to make a
car a good Listening Room like think
about it like in a home theater you can
add sound eny you can move around your
speakers in a car that is just not
possible you need Windows which are hard
and they are very reflective for sound
so we're going to try and compensate for
that by using room correction software
it can do second order impulse filter
ing what that means I don't know but I
can make the computer make this make it
sound incredible in there everything's
going be in Phase it's going to sound
sick from the DSP we go into our amps
we're going to be running what's called
a fully active setup which means that we
do the crossovers in the DSP that is
going from like the woofer in your door
to the Tweeter up top normally you'd
have a little box that takes care of
that but instead we are doing that with
computers that also means that we need a
dedicated channel on the amp for each
individual speaker which is why we have
big amp for the fronts and the sub and
little amp for the rears because frankly
they don't really matter don't upgrade
your rear speakers we're going to
because Pioneer sent over stuff but you
don't need to it's really fun to hold
this oh yeah wow that felt lovely uh-huh
do you want to pause there for a sec uh
yeah hey Mar you want to come back here
great timing Alex nice hat feels great
that's good that's going to give you
lots of protection from the Canadian
sunshine are we leaving it up no we need
to take it off because we have a wing to
put on have you seen this do you this
this at all no I want to see it the guys
over at aerofab they make custom VW
spoilers and stuff for the most part
they don't do Hondas but here we have
he's actually
stuck we went bought another trunk lid
because they're super cheap and it's way
easier to 3D scan with it off do you
want to do it's made for this car
specifically it's made specifically for
this car oh that's so cool can I open it
yeah let
go oh my God what the hell is this this
better be for a Porsche no this is for a
Civic that's really lot oh yeah it's
carbon fiber a nice way to tell if a
Wing's legit is if it has an actual
Arrow foil shape to it so if you look
here it legitimately looks like a planes
Wing oh my God this is huge put it on
yeah go all right have fun
Jake oh bloody hell I'm going to put it
on backwards you have instructions just
follow them it's not that hard Jesus
Christ actually it is pretty hard I
looked at them it's this is like a race
car part it's not the most simplest
naturally a wing of this magnitude
magnificence one might even say needs to
be mounted pretty securely I was kind of
worried about it but they actually kind
of reused the stock mounting points for
the trunk which is great but this
bracket it doesn't sit on top and bolt
through up here it needs to go through
the entire trunk
kind of like that I'm going to have to
do a lot of cutting I think this is
going to be
noisy oh there's nothing in
there why why am I doing all of this
hello you're not going to hear it not
going to hear it at all sorry Alex hello
Jake oh was it
muffled no not really sometimes cars
fight back a little bit they don't want
to be
modified it's starting to fight us just
a little bit now it knows it's nearly
time to start it
[Music]
our customs agent took the day off so uh
we just traveled 3 hours but look at
this' got a Brian we've got a K24 in the
truck things are looking up hell
yeah yes you did it the cas swap can
continue
So the plan is our engine has arrived we
going to get that into that we can't do
that without these things which Brian
happens to make these are the mounts we
make on our CNC at work and this is the
kit for this particular Engine with this
particular transmission so this unlocks
being able to put that engine into that
car which never was supposed to be in
here this bolts on like that we lift it
in we drop it in we mount it up and
that's one step closer to being
done yeah you're in
working this is exciting bit that engine
is not supposed to be in there and it's
going to make this car so much better so
much
faster this is an electronic throttle
body in a car this age you've normally
got a cable but we are going to upgrade
to an electronic throttle body that
means you've got a pedal inside the car
that sends a signal to the ECU to the
htech in this case and then the htech
sends the signal here and tells this how
far to open now why you want to do that
you get a smooth idle you also get the
option of cruise control and it all
happens in that yet unit which bolts
onto our intake manifold speaking of
cruise control if we're adding all of
that new stuff we need some way to
control it which is why we have this
nice little keypad here we made up a
little aluminum piece that we're going
to just epoxy onto the stock thing and
we also have the controller for our DSP
for the sound so all that goes in there
it's going to be beautiful so L us we're
about halfway through what do you think
I am honestly blown away like hearing
you talk about how the throttle is no
longer cable controlled like now it's
all electronic and we can like add
cruise control to it and I saw you guys
goofing around with the RGB controller
over there and you're putting underglow
on it which by the way is not legal here
it's legal to park right you just can't
drive with it sure this wasn't even in
the country this morning this barely
fits dude well just we're going to have
to cut the Bonnet a bit cuz it's going
to hit here are you kidding me to cut
bits out of the Bonnet but this engine
in like this fixes everything that was
ever wrong with this car the gearbox is
in the special mounts are in to hold W
those M mounts look beautiful that is
some gorgeous Machining work Brian made
him and brought them up and so have a
look inside it's all starting to come
together in there although it's also
looks a bit messy no way you guys
this oh am I allowed to no you're good
you're good that's actually the first
time it's been used it just got put in I
don't know if I'm going to like you know
break anything or whatever right but
like wait oh yeah obviously you'll put
in a clutch pedal I suppose well yeah we
kind of haven't done that yet but it's
like we call this we call this forbidden
spaghetti over there like that wiring
but all that will be gone and it will
look a bit neater dude this is so stupid
and it still functions you can remove it
and you can use it as a screwdriver
still fully
functional that's fun oh cool never be
bored in traffic ever again original
rocker cover awesome Red Rocker cover
with red wrinkle paint
H so good hey look at that that is
beautiful it looks mostly yeah it goes
the other way doesn't it you know what
listen here you two yeah that mostly
mint oh I can't wait for this to leak
down right onto the audio that I'm
putting in right now yeah now that we
have power for our speakers we need to
physically put them in for the fronts we
just made up these little adapters we 3D
printed it out and once we put the
speaker in we're going to be adding in
these fast Rings this is just some foam
that goes around your speaker so that it
mates up properly to the door because if
you have any gaps there the audio can
interfere with itself and it's a bad
time for our tweeters we got a little
bit fancy we took our a pillars out 3D
scanned it you can see our targets right
here and then made a little jig that is
going to mount them just really nice and
great something like that now I just
need to spend the next now I just need
to spend the next several hours wiring
everything up it's going to be not very
fun but as long as you're methodical and
do things like marking down where all
the speakers go it's not all at
her oh my God bit of a Moment of Truth
here does the wing smash the rear window
let's find out mother oh dude actually
oh no way is it going to clear you got
lots of
space dude no way oh my God it doesn't
it doesn't hit of course once again huge
shout out to the ridge for sponsoring
this as you can tell we have spent many
a dollar on all of this and without them
none of it would have happened this has
been awesome so thank you guys let's get
these banners on we've got our Wheels
here from super speed they're a Canadian
company and these are flow formed which
means they're both light and kind of
cheap we also got Michelin Pilot Sport
all seon fours which is fantastic
because for one great tires for this
weather and two I just like having
Michelin all of my friends back home
were employed by them I actually could
not show my face back home if uh we put
something else on it and they look so
good we've also got a tire pressure
monitoring system so these little remote
things they screw into the valve stem
here and then that will communicate back
to our engine computer and to our Dash
so be able to see if our tire pressure
goes up or down we can set alarms and
also log it if you're racing you could
see your tire pressures as you go in the
track so we just unscrew this we install
these on each tire and we put them on
the car and the bronze it's going to
look sick it's going to look so good
all right we are 4 minutes until our
wheel alignment we still haven't started
it but we're going to get it in the air
push it out the door turn the key and
cross our fingers that it
[Music]
works it's
alive sounds good kind of first drive
let's go get a wheel alignment where we
go
works it the alignment's not great the
scrubbing you can hear is the wheels
like fighting each other but we're going
to go straight to the alignment shop get
that sorted out and then hit the
dyno the radiator is like stone cold at
the top but there's a lot of heat in the
engine and that's why sensor is like
telling us the engine's hot cuz it's not
actually using the radiator properly
there's like an air lock stopping it
from cycling I'm sure you guys with
water cooled PCS know exactly what this
is
about off upside down
[Music]
all right so we spoke to Brad and we
spoke to Patrick the guys are fans of
blus and mighty carod so they promised
to smash it out before lunchtime so
we're on we're on a good thing and
hopefully we'll make our Dino
[Music]
booking are you excited yes yeah hey my
hands are cold okay know we're here at
stratified Automotive they're going to
dyo it originally it made 89 horsepower
which means we need 178 to double head
170s I reckon comfortably in the 170s
maybe even higher I won in the 190s it's
been it's been a busy couple of days but
it's going to get there yeah
[Music]
it's so loud my God Honda VTEC mate woo
you can feel it in your guts when it's
going you're close
[Applause]
man
177 ah so close 177 horsepower we need
one more to double it one more
horsepower to double it we got to make I
can do it oh
yeah we need one more horsepower to
double the power one just one we need
[Music]
no you look no no we're good I think
we're good I think we're
good yes we did it yeah there we
go excellent work success we made the
power we did it 180 horsepower and is
confirmed that the lights will come on
when they hit VTEC if you want it this
thing is hilarious oh my God so uh it's
a bit loud right I thought that's what
you people like uh there's loud there's
yeah there's loud and then there's lock
all right interrupt the shoot every time
he arrives at work or jet taking off
loud oh my God nice huh massive 4-in
[Music]
exhaust okay okay okay okay Jee it also
doesn't knock anymore no look if your
whole thing was that when you rev your
car you want to draw a crowd
um is this carbon fiber act it's nice
this is real carbon fiber this is real
carbon fiber this is probably worth more
than the car oh for sure about twice
this is a one of one custom made just
for this you can log into your ECU
that's controlling the whole car via
Wi-Fi on an app or your laptop tune it
from outside the car if you want to
increase horsepower decrease horsepower
do a whole bunch of things there's a
couple other little surprises in there
that that all runs
but it's like the all that that runs the
car is absolutely worth multiple times
the value of the car did we figure out
the
multiplier total yeah no we probably
should I have to think about it it's a
lot though yeah it's a lot no idea no
clue you're not really supposed to think
about that stuff when you do cars now I
don't know anything about car engines
and what they're supposed to look like
but what I do know is what it used to
look like the mounting kit works great
it sits in a really good spot aside from
that you don't have to change that much
other stuff nothing else really been cut
up and like that motor is huge for this
car 2.4 L used to be 1.7 big intake like
powerwise we've we're over double yeah
the inside looks a little different
since we last saw it yeah this is
amazing I don't even know what all these
buttons do okay cabin lights I fig oh no
no no that's that's the party lights we
go oh my God inside and outside and they
respond so Honda's engines have this
thing called VTEC right basically it
happens because unicorns fart rainbows
and they fart that's what happens when
VCH comes on so the car now rainbows
when it's on VTE uh We've also got
cruise control which it never had which
is cool bring it to the future we have
traction control it's page up do I mean
I know what it does on a computer in
cars it's page up for power with a htech
page up for power so you can you can
make it faster if you want to I can't
think of any modern car
feature that like I'm missing here
anymore like there's luxury feature
shirt heated seats or whatever right I
can't think of anything that's missing
yeah well we've we have brought into the
future I mean you got power steering
cruise control you got all the kind of
those good things he peeking he's
peeking I'm not I've been waiting like
15 minutes I would have peaked already
Sammy told me to tell you to just keep
rolling for float plan there's C and D
plans too it's fine this is still plan a
c and d means cease and desist here I
remember when this was first suggested
it was like the summer okay I'm just
walking forward I don't think you need
to do that what
[Music]
this oh my God Ridge sponsor that's what
this happened I think there's more new
stuff on it than original stuff that
makes a lot of sense this is what
matters though yeah I kind of think yeah
this is the bit that matters I've heard
bits and Pie throughout
the so went from 1.7 L single overhead
cam to a 2.4 L what we start with 89
horsepower something9 yeah so now it's
going exactly double
that come on around this is super cool
this is great oh my God there's a
spoiler you guys spoil
I bought this uh for like 1,500 bucks
like three years ago and I told myself
I'll drive it till it dies or three
years whatever comes first and then I
just didn't get rid of it yet cuz it's
amazing holy
what oh my God it looks so clean there's
a little access panel if you want to
look down in there Alex holy Alex has
spent over a week on this with some of
the other guys like getting this to work
I believe oh man you can control
everything you plug in a laptop you can
f tune it I'll be I'll be a guy with a
laptop and oh you'll need two laptops
one for the engine one for these on the
out side we got 17in wheels there's new
Wheels in we've got Michelin Pilot All
Season ties brand new my God we got a
big brake K you used to have drum brakes
on the back now you got discs all around
plus a huge break upgrade on the front
big ones this big um so all new Co
you've got coilovers suspension as well
fully adjustable it needs a bit of
tweaking what have you guys done like no
we did everything seats I think there
was just word they keep throwing called
scope they're like oh what about the
scope I'm I don't actually know what
scope means so I'm just like yeah we're
just going to do everything I hope you
enjoy it this is thanks for having us oh
my God thank you for this is very fun
for us I hope you're still driving it
any year time and you can report back
yeah it's even better and Alex did say
he's happy to turbocharge it for you if
you find it's not making enough power oh
yeah if it's not enough you want to go
for triple or quadruple oh my God you
guys I can't believe this so loud
[Music]
she's
fine it's a week later and we have been
hard at work just tidying everything up
it has a proper alignment now it could
be a little bit higher but it does look
sick as is the exhaust has a catalytic
converter and a resonator so Captain
Planet is happy and pl's no pl's
neighbors are still not very happy but
it's better at least the sound system
also rocks we went from a frequency roll
off about 70 HZ which is like high base
to 45 htz which is a massive Improvement
it sounds really good in there there's
one final thing that we have to do plof
has not yet hit
VTEC all right plof we fixed a lot of
stuff all right it turns out that we
only had 35% throttle
before yeah I can feel it
holy it's quick now
wow oh my god do I ever get it now
there's just one thing left and that's
for you guys to go and check out the
ridge like we said before there is no
way we could have afforded to make this
video without their help they are
absolute Legends and they are the reason
that all of this happened we have a
bunch of new friends you should also go
and check out their channels Mighty Car
Mods VTech Academy and stratified all
are going to have videos on this the
amount of work that went to it is in
insane go check them out and check out
the ridge down below I can't wait to
watch this video and see pl's reaction
in the meantime I think I need to go do
W show but uh was an absolute pleasure
actually all of you guys uh thank you
very much you guys absolutely incredible
to meet you all and this is mindblowing
considering what you guys did in such a
short amount of time this is like a
whole new car which was our goal when we
set out to modernize this thing this is
about as modernized as you're going to
get an old Civic absolutely incredible
pretty cool thanks for having us it was
fun